Dear reader9

Welcome to this journey, it is not usually a journey with fear or any kind of terrific emotions.

However, it can take you to a very dark places.

Do you think that dark is really dark?

 Let’s take a look at it.

At first, you become enlightened by the guess what?

 Light9

By doing that, just the discovery of the big possible amazing 9

Mystery, becomes, what is, Natural!

With the flow, it naturally comes out to the conclusion that it is, it was light from the beginning.

As you expected, darkness is just, absence of light.

However, how do we see darkness?

Can you?

Preferably, if we can distinguish between the two, 9 

What if not?

 In this case,

Welcome to paradise.

Because in reality, the difference is that we as human beings, touch the light in the darkness.

As human beings, we indeed, are light, by nature.

Darkness in this case is the absence of light, how it can be then, light?

But really, it is, just us when we decide to unfollow our human nature.

Us when we blind ourselves from light.

Us when we become blinded from light, by whatever.

In this planet, in this material world9

Both exists, In everyone, In everything. 

Let then the moon reflects the sunlight, and let the forgiveness create harmony.

Just by some definitions, what can be dark, can have light roots, and visa versa.

So, the transition itself, forgiveness, the choice and the intention of light, and anger, ignoring the light.

This transition, opens up a different doors towards new dimensions of existence.

Towards a better human being in terms of spiritual openness, or a the other way around.

Do we, then, feel them?

 Of course.

Do we, have full power over them?

 Yes.

Everything leads to a choice. 

We wake up, we choose what to be.

We at each moment, choose, what to be.

If then, by existing, in the spectrum of light, that in itself is existing in a spectrum of dualities,

The transitions you saw before will be actively active9

And you, by role, due to your initial innocent imagination, you thought that, it is all sunshine and rainbows9

Which, is true, partially. 

What is also true, is that there is the other side of the coin which can not meet the expectations of your innocent imagination.

Relatively, these disappointments, can create a hole inside of you.

In other words, you will a little curve towards the gravity of the dualities spectrum.

Simply, transitions may start to touch you.

And here, by awareness, you are making the choices every time.

Which direction do you want to lead?

Therefore, the creation of creation itself, did not depend on these dualities9

Whatever you choose, it will end eventually.

However kind reader, let’s continue from the journal of the transitions,

There is darkness that comes from the light side, which is not actually a darkness, it is a reflection itself of the mix between your the disappointments and expectations.

It shows a different body when actually it is seen just as neutral force.

A reflection of choices and decisions which themselves are reflections of too many inner parts of you, me, us.

By time, the expectations roof comes lower and lower, till the bottom.

A fair experience for everybody.

By the time of writing, this incident happened:

So what is light is light actually, which is written in grey, the absence of light here resulted a misunderstanding.

Misunderstandings, Mis-understandings, already divided into two parts, 

There is understanding, just in a different way than expected.

And why the expectation of understanding?

Does not matter9

What matters, is that in some situations, misunderstanding can be followed by judging/contempt/9

And this, 9 

Absence of light,9 

Reflects somehow In the Light in an optimal transcending way between the two in order to produce a balanced system of equalities.

You, dear reader, at some point, get tired of the mistreatments and harassement whether directly or indirectly that you get just by being innocently spontaneous and naked.

At some point, your circle of change intentions grow up wider and eventually, if you come back to the point of light, where it all started from 9

You will meet the lady, 9

The lady, of the, light.

Yes, she exists, dear reader.

The starting point of all what was and was not shadow9

There becomes a purity, mixed with intentionality and a free smile.

A gravity where gravity can’t be felt,9

And genuine tune of violin that keeps getting better and better at every moment and every repeated moment.

Lovely beautiful reader, you can make it to the point where everything will be light again, no matter how much darkness around.

Light is where we came from, and where we will go.

In other words, where are we going.

At the cute little step of forgiveness, 9

When mountains can disappear like a fly,9

The moment of letting go because of love,

The moment of accepting the paradox, 

This moment of rebirth, 9

Rebirth of light, 9

Only then, the lady will be able to capture your existence.

She does not have to come in a special form or any expected forms.

She just comes, in her form.

What form is that, 9

The beauty itself, has scratches, 9

Light was shinning from her eyes even though there was a hole in her stomach.

In general dear reader, you will feel that your ice and her fire, can combine to create various combinations of elements.

It is itself, Earth.

Earth could combine them.

Well, Earth supports existence of all other elements in it as we know, from mother nature.

Earth here, can be seen as the mother of all that gives without expecting something in return.

And it is that, mutual understanding, standing on a land of9

Infinite kindness9

Which this way, forms an intelligence without a shape, an intelligence that can take any shape.

When intelligence can expand to reach different multiple shapes,9

Mind can perceive and Self can go dive deeper,9

When and where human concepts become a deja-vu.

Just a part of some reality.

And the travel within, sweet reader, will be in the smell of nature, with calm green eye on the deep right side, and a reflection of the modern world, with a smell of mountains and an warm intuition.

Yes, not like other eyes, these eyes will have a language.

A colorful language, 9

Mouth smells freedom, 9

Nose breathes a world based on self-beliefs,9

Nose breathes our a pure light of spontaneity, 9

You will, dear reader, wonder9

If this spirit is an alien on Earth such as you or not, 9

Start diving into the hole of darkness looking for similarities, 9

In each time, believe me dear reader, you will find total light, absence of darkness.

Only right then, You see a part of pure nature that has not changed since its creation, a creature of light9

A progressive melody of life, 9

A beautiful ring of change, 9

An infinite progressive creation of moments, 9

Green Blue Yellow 

<< Another secret >> 

IhadExistentialCrisis.com
